---
title: Tenant Quickstart
---

Have data you’d like to store? Below is step-by-step guide for storage clients, also known as tenants, to get up and running with Spade. This section includes processes around setting up an account, understanding the API's capabilities, and initial configuration.

I **As a tenant utilizing Spade to onboard data into Filecoin, here's what you need to know:**

- You have one essential **Base Policy** guiding your data onboarding process.
    - In v1, this is set to a default by Spade.
- You can define as many **Collections** as you wish. For easier organization, you can start by having each collection correspond to one dataset.
    - Reminder: ****A **Collection** is a grouping of CIDs. AKA, a *dataset*. It can continuously grow as new CIDs are added. A Collection has **Replication Constraints** associated with it.
- For each **Collection**, you get to set the **Replication Constraints**.
    - Reminder: **Replication Constraints** define *how many replicas are stored* and *quotas for how those replicas are distributed.*
    - See “Understanding Replication Constraints” for further explanation of how this works.
- To make your data accessible, you need to prepare and share **Contents**, each identified by a CID.
- You can add more than one wallet to your tenant account.
- You can specify the *Bytes In Flight* to determine the maximum amount of data a SP can claim simultaneously. In-flight refers to CIDs a SP has claimed but not yet stored. You can set this at a global default level or per-SP to override the default.
- Submit a **Piece Source** to instruct Spade how to acquire the list of CIDs. This could be your AWS bucket location, your http download endpoint, etc.

## Understanding Replication Constraints

In v1 this is a simplified functionality that allows you, the tenant, to define how many replicas you want to store where.

- **Quotas** here signify the maximum number of replications allowed for a given attribute *constraint*.
    - For instance, your collection might impose constraints like:
        - Maximum 2 replications per *Country*
        - Maximum 4 replications per *Continent*
        - Maximum 3 replications per **Organization**
        - Maximum 10 replications in *Total*

## Understanding Storage Contracts

**As the tenant you will also be in charge of defining a Storage Contract. The storage contracts lets you put on “paper” the terms of collaboration with Storage Providers you want to collaborate with. Keep in mind:**

- Storage Contracts are composed of **Binding Clauses**
    - These Binding Clauses are mostly freeform text for V1.
- For V1, only three binding clauses are mandatory:
    - Content Description (Text)
    - SP SLA (Text)
    - Retrieval Mechanisms (http(piece), bitswap, none)
- The Storage Contract gets **Subscribed to** by the Storage Provider using their Worker Key, facilitated by the Deal Broker. This signifies the SP "signing up" for the contract and agreeing to its terms.
- The **Storage Contract** is identified by a **Raw-codec IPFS CID** of the indented (human- as well as machine-readable) JSON serialization of the Base policy subset.
    - For example, [bafkreihuqkipjv2sgc3ypr5lcervqitht2m5f6iyr4g432mpqwzmfm7jtq](https://bafkreihuqkipjv2sgc3ypr5lcervqitht2m5f6iyr4g432mpqwzmfm7jtq.ipfs.dweb.link/).
- The Storage Contract serves as an audit trail confirming that the SP Identity has agreed to the policy as specified and guarantees that it has not changed.
    - When a Storage Contract changes, a new CID is produced, and the SP must accept the new contract before deals can be made.
    - Changing the Storage Contract is a slow operation, requiring re-acceptance from SPs before it can be used by the deal broker.
        - Tenants are advised against rapid updates as this can disrupt SP operations. (Think of the Storage Contract as "slowly-mutable.")
    - When the Storage Contract changes, the Deal Broker polls the new CID and terms from the Tenant Service and notifies SPs that re-subscription is required.
