---
title: Glossary of Terms
---

## Tenant

- Also known as data owner or data client. They are the entities with large amounts of data (>10 PiB) to be stored on Filecoin. Examples include Internet Archive and ISVs like Triton.
- Each Tenant would only have one Policy. However, each Tenant can have multiple Collections, each with unique Replication Constraints.

## Piece Source

- tells Spade where the list of CIDs to be stored is located so Spade can go fetch it, e.g. s3. [Link to Notion Doc](https://www.notion.so/Piece-Source-bc8bc0a392d542a3b4dbd83ea48e8235)

## Policy

A policy is a list of clauses that determines how SPs are “filtered”, i.e, which ones are allowed to work with you and which ones are not. examples (more to be added in later versions):

- SP Location (“I only want to work with SPs located in UK and USA”)
- SP Retrievability SLA (“SPs must serve over Bitswap and have 95%+ retrievability success rate as per the Spade retrieval bot”)
- SP allow/denylist (“deny SP f0123456 at all times, permit f0567890 at all times”)

The policy will also contain a written “Storage Contract” (text fields) which will be “signed” and agreed to by SPs. This is what uniquely ties the SP and the Tenant together, providing an audit trail that the SP has agreed to work with the Tenant as per their terms.

## Collection

A collection is a grouping of CIDs. AKA, a dataset. It can continuously grow as new CIDs are added. A Collection has Replication Constraints associated with it.

## Replication Constraints

Replication Constraints define how many replicas are stored and quotas for how those replicas are distributed, for example:

- Max 10 replicas total
- Max 3 replicas per region
- Max 2 replicas per country
- Max 1 replica per city
- Max 1 replica per SP Organization
